docs: add info on websockets (#2189)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui: server/src/websocket/README.md

Ideally, for each supported command, there should be a handler function for the
setup phase and a loop function repeated for each iteration of the relevant loop.
Any relevant data is currently cached locally, but Redis support can easily be
added if required.
Please avoid overlapping the setup logic with the iteration logic to keep functions
simple and readable. This means the setup should prepare data for the iteration function,
and the iteration function should handle recurring action (typically fetching from remote).

## Handle multiple tabs/sessions

Since each loop sends requests to back-end services on behalf of the user, we want
to limit them to the minimum. This requires a strategy to handle multiple tabs in a
single loop.
WebSocket channels are handled per user, and each time a new channel is added, the
server sends the same notification to each of them. When the last user's channel is
removed, the loop stops.

> We should implement a strategy to redirect all the user requests from the same user

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to add a link to https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2184 here.

to the same instance of the the server (sticky sessions).

## Client side

> See the [client side section](../../../client/src/websocket/) for further details on WebSockets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [client side section](../../../client/src/websocket/) for details on how the client uses WebSockets.
```
